

Johnathan Specter
Articles Chats Awards About
Get in touch
Helping companies build better, scalable software.
Award-winning web developer and author, with over 15+ years of working experience with Fortune 500 companies like Apple, Google, Facebook, and more.
Walmart
J.P.Morgan
VISA
tinder
SAMSUNG
verizon
artoon bat A
using Escrow.com
A text no other
Secure your money
Share your unfiltered thoughts. Get paid.
A text editoreno other
butter redd @slock
A tested other
art exploring camps from all
und the wond
Explore the best
camps on Earth.
Spense.com
←
Rethinking the way writers get paid, an open-source platform designed to help writers focus more on writing, and less on when and how they'll get paid. Project in collaboration with Codewell.cc
YelpCamp.com
→
Allowing backpack travelers to perfectly plan their trip through an open-source platform similar to TripAdvisor. With over 1m MAU, YelpCamp has been the crowd's favorite in 2021.
A co-founder at one of the world's largest communities.
The combined experience I have working at the top Fortune 500 companies has allowed me to developer a skillset that helps me in not just development, but in every aspect of any
business.
I'm proud to announce that I am now working at one of the world's largest communities teaching young minds about how to sell yourself as a developer and open them to a whole new world of opportunities.
As a developer, you have everything available to you and all that's holding you back is yourself.
A quote I live by perfectly illustrates what I mean.
"How big would you dream, if you knew you wouldn't fail?" You've already gone through the hardest parts being a developer, it's time to elevate your skills and become a leader in something you're passionate about.
I'm happy to chat over coffee some time about how I can help your company.
Interested in working with me?
I'm active on all social media platforms listed below, but you can also me an email and I will get back to you within 24-48 hours.
Get in touch
Johnathan Specter